The reason that we have to move this and have a National Museum in Washington is that there's so little display space here at the Museum of the American Union.
It's fairly big, but it's small.
It only shows a small percentage.
If you take us to a building, it's probably about the size of this lobby and three stories and in the blocks and looks like a block house.
You have a cinder block on the outside.
Very few windows.
You never know what it is, but it's easily defended.
And you go into it
And you open a door, and there's a little place about like this, with a thousand Pueblo pots.
Each absolutely distinct, the product of an individual craftsperson.
You open a drawer in another room, and there's a hundred beaded vests.
They have a million objects.
One million.
Each one priceless, replaceable, perfect.
And so now they're going to do this.
When we were in Seattle on this tour, we did a benefit for that museum because it's going to be a completely donated by the public product if there's no money in the government.
But it will be extraordinary.
And this was all this man who went around the country and paid H-E-Y-E.
H-E-Y-E.
This is his last name.
And just used to ship things back, and some of them taken, I should say, inappropriately, and those will be returned under a congressional act when it can be proven that he came by some of these artifacts through chicanery or whatever.
Those are going to be returned to the tribes.
But many of them he did buy, and they came back by the tree, too.
Isn't this amazing?
Is there any information on that?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
What's your first name?
Do you remember up there?
H-E-Y-E.
It's the Museum of the American Indian in New York City, 155th Street in Broadway.
And they have brochures about that.
Oh.
This is the kind of supplement that you're seeing.
I'm going to let these people return to your family.
We've been talking about discovery and artifacts and wonderful collections.
I was thinking really hard about the origins of going to that little library and finding
the transcription of Columbus' diaries and what processes it started.
I think it really was a kind of... The last documents that no one had are such a profound weight.
Once we knew more about
the Lost Diary, we began to, I think, invent it in our minds.
It is almost a mad thing to do.
obsessed with how real is that scripture?
What is he really said?
And I really felt a kind of sandwich.
It's a wonderful thing I could imagine.
After this book is published and everything, if that diary was ever found, I mean, it's not impossible.
It's not possible.
And everybody says it is possible.
I mean, things do come the way.
I have stories about it in my book.
I mean, this stuff happens.
I just found a declaration really fast.
I believe that was stolen from me.